Feature Flags Beta (#4319)
braze-inc/braze-docs: _docs/_hidden/private_betas/feature_flags.md

Create a new feature flag within the Braze dashboard by providing a name and an `ID`, a target audience, and a percentage of users for whom to enable to this feature. Then, using that same `ID` in your app or website's code, you can conditionally run certain parts of your business logic.

For example, if you've built a new profile page for your ride-sharing app, instead of releasing it (and potential bugs) to your entire user base, you can roll out the new profile page to just 5% of all users as a way to mitigate risk. 

{% alert important %} 
Feature flags are currently in beta. Contact your Braze account manager if you’re interested in participating in the early access. 
{% endalert %}

## Prerequisites

To use feature flags, ensure your SDKs are up to date with at least these minimum versions:
<!-- TODO -->
{% sdk_min_versions android:9999 web:4.4.0 swift:9999 %}

## Implementation

> Create, edit, and archive feature flags by navigating to **Feature Flags** in the left sidebar of the Braze dashboard. This page displays a list of existing feature flags for this app group.

Reviewer: When possible, we generally avoid using directional language to refer to where something is on the page. If we localize to a right-to-left language, that might change, and it also just makes it easier to keep up with updates if things move around on the UI. Adding a suggested rewrite but feel free to adjust!

```suggestion
Create, edit, and archive feature flags from the **Feature Flags** page, located under **Engagement**. This page displays a list of existing feature flags for this app group.
```

> Create, edit, and archive feature flags by navigating to **Feature Flags** in the left sidebar of the Braze dashboard. This page displays a list of existing feature flags for this app group.

Reviewer: When possible, we generally avoid using directional language to refer to where something is on the page. If we localize to a right-to-left language, that might change, and it also just makes it easier to keep up with updates if things move around on the UI. Adding a suggested rewrite but feel free to adjust!

```suggestion
Create, edit, and archive feature flags from the **Feature Flags** page, located under **Engagement**. This page displays a list of existing feature flags for this app group.
```

> ![A list of previously created feature flags on the Braze dashboard][1]

Author: todo (for me) to add a screenshot with better fake data

> ![A list of previously created feature flags on the Braze dashboard][1]

Reviewer: Might want to crop the bottom half of this image off since it makes it pretty tall (and doesn't add new info)

### Create a new feature flag

> To create a new feature flag, click the **Create Feature Flag** button. Then, define your feature flag's [details](#details), [properties](#properties), user [targeting](#targeting), and [rollout traffic](#rollout-traffic).

Reviewer: Just the button name is fine! Generally, avoid calling out what a specific UI element is unless it's needed for clarity.

```suggestion
To create a new feature flag, click **Create Feature Flag**. Then, define your feature flag's [details](#details), [properties](#properties), user [targeting](#targeting), and [rollout traffic](#rollout-traffic).
```

> ![A blank feature flag form][2]

Reviewer: I'd suggest chunking this screenshot and just including an image of the details in the details section, image of properties in the properties section, etc.

#### Details
Give your new feature flag a **Name** and **ID**. 
* The **Name** field allows you to provide a human-readable title for this feature flag that will be used by marketers and administrators. 

> * The **ID** field will be referenced in your code to determine whether the feature is enabled for a particular user. 

Reviewer: Might be good to just pop this inline here as well.

```suggestion
* The **ID** field will be referenced in your code to determine whether the feature is enabled for a particular user. This must be unique and cannot be modified once created.
```

* The **Description** field is an optional field that allows you to provide additional context around this feature flag.

{% alert important %} 
To prevent breaking production app behavior, feature flag `ID`s must be unique and cannot be modified once created. 

Feature flags are shared across apps within an app group so that different platforms (i.e., iOS/Android/Web) can share references to the same feature.
{% endalert %}

Choose an `ID` thoughtfully as it will be used as you develop your feature. Practice good naming conventions to ensure that your code is readable by your colleagues (and your future self).

For example, it's common to use a naming convention of `{verb}_{product}_{feature}`, such as `enable_rider_new_profile_page` to make it clear what enabling the feature flag does.

#### Properties
Custom properties can be defined as part of your feature flag. These properties will be accessible by your app through the Braze SDK when the feature is enabled. Defining properties is an optional step.

Variables can be **strings**, **boolean** values, or **numbers**. Define both the variable key and default value for each property.

> ##### Example

Reviewer: Minor suggestion, feel free to reject. It took me a second to realize this was nested 😆 

```suggestion
##### Example properties
```

For example, if we are defining a feature flag that shows an out-of-stock banner for our e-commerce store, we might set the following properties, which our app will use when displaying the banner:

> |:Property Name|Type|Value|

Reviewer: ```suggestion
|Property Name|Type|Value|
```

|--|--|--|
|`banner_height`|`number`|`75`|
|`banner_color`|`string`|`blue`|
|`banner_text`|`string`|`Widgets are out of stock until July 1.`|
|`dismissible`|`boolean`|`false`|

{% alert tip %}
There is no limit to the number of properties you can add, though a feature flag's properties are limited to 10kB in total.
{% endalert %}

#### Targeting

> To being the rollout of a feature flag, you must choose a particular [segment]({{site.baseurl}}/user_guide/engagement_tools/segments/) of users.

Reviewer: Typo?
```suggestion
To begin the rollout of a feature flag, you must choose a particular [segment]({{site.baseurl}}/user_guide/engagement_tools/segments/) of users.
```

To filter users out of your target audience, use the **Add Filter** dropdown menu. You can add multiple filters to narrow your audience.

#### Rollout Traffic

> Feature flags always start as disabled to allow you to separate the timing of the feature's release and activation in your users' experience. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Feature flags always start as turned off to allow you to separate the timing of the feature's release and activation in your users' experience. 
```

Let's say you were to rolling out a new type of user profile for your app. You might set the `ID` as `expanded_user_profile`. Then, you would have your app check to see if it should display this new user profile to a particular user. For example:

{% tabs %}
{% tab Javascript %}
```javascript
const featureFlag = braze.getFeatureFlag("expanded_user_profile");
if (feature.enabled) {
  console.log(`expanded_user_profile is enabled`);
} else {
  console.log(`expanded_user_profile is not enabled`);
}
```
{% endtab %}
{% tab Swift %}
```swift
todo copy example from web
```
{% endtab %}
{% tab Java %}
```java
FeatureFlag featureFlag = braze.getFeatureFlag("expanded_user_profile");
if (featureFlag.getEnabled()) {
  Log.i(TAG, "expanded_user_profile is enabled", featureFlag.getProperties());
} else {
  Log.i(TAG, "expanded_user_profile is not enabled");
}
```
{% endtab %}
{% tab Kotlin %}
```kotlin
val featureFlag = braze.getFeatureFlag("expanded_user_profile")
if (featureFlag.enabled) {
  Log.i(TAG, "expanded_user_profile is enabled. ${featureFlag.properties}")
} else {
  Log.i(TAG, "expanded_user_profile is not enabled.")
}
```
{% endtab %}
{% endtabs %}

> The Braze SDK provides getter methods to pull your feature flag's enabled/disabled status and its properties into your app. Feature flags are refreshed automatically at session start so that you can display the most up-to-date version of your feature upon launch. The SDK caches these values so they can be used while offline. 

Reviewer: 1. Using slashes to combine words isn't recommended
2. I think we can just omit that entirely in this case, since status covers the "enabled/disabled" portion.

```suggestion
The Braze SDK provides getter methods to pull your feature flag's status and its properties into your app. Feature flags are refreshed automatically at session start so that you can display the most up-to-date version of your feature upon launch. The SDK caches these values so they can be used while offline. 
```

{% endalert %}

Use feature flags to experiment and confirm your hypotheses around your new feature. By splitting traffic into two or more groups, you can compare the impact of a feature flag across groups, and determine the best course of action based on the results.

With Canvas, you can track the impact of feature rollout on conversations. And, using [Experiment Paths]({{site.baseurl}}/user_guide/engagement_tools/canvas/canvas_components/experiment_step#experiment-paths), you can optimize these conversions by testing different messages or paths against each other and determining which is most effective. Use the Winning Path as you progressively rollout your feature to a wider audience.

For example, imagine that your ecommerce team has a new checkout page design that they believe will improve purchase conversion rates. When you release this feature, you can display the new page to 50% of your users for one month. If it performs better than the old design, you can increase the rollout traffic to 100%. If it performs poorly, you can turn it off completely and revisit the designs. In either case, you have avoided a poor experience for 50% of your users.

> 

Author: TODO: add FAQ section stating that liquid is supported, but Connected Content is not.
